Xiao Weiwei, do you really think
Dawan Group is none other than him
It's not me, is it you?
The Mouse in Lin Fan's Sewer
How can I compete with the Xu family
I'm just abandoning the dark and turning to the light
Seek a way out for me, Jojo, and my sister
Don't mess around here
Galaxy, look at your sister's enlightenment
Look at your sister again
Lieutenant Governor Li called Mr. Xu just now
I've heard it.
Today's auction is just a formality
This Dawan Square has long been predetermined
So no matter how hard I try
The Qiao family can't escape this disaster
Hey Qinghe
Dawan Square is indeed predetermined
But it's not them humming, it's you Lin Fan
Who do you think you are?
This Dawan Square can be given to whoever you say
I'm too lazy to scold him.
Qinghe, hurry up and find a doctor to show Lin Fan
Is he out of his mind?
Keep the medical expenses to yourself
You'll need it more than me in a while, let's go